Updated Instructions (#593)
DiamondLightSource/developer-portal: README.md

## Developing Locally (VSCode)

- [Install docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/other/) or load from the module system using `module load docker-compose`
- Start the podman socket with `systemctl --user start podman.socket`

> - Use the podman socket as the compose host by adding `export DOCKER_HOST=unix:///run/user/$UID/podman/podman.sock` to your `~/.bashrc`

Reviewer: The module should cover all three of these, we should re-structure this to reflect that

- Install `ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers`
- Set `remote.containers.dockerPath` to `podman`
- Set `remote.containers.dockerComposePath` to your `docker-compose`
- Disable buildkit by adding `export DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0` to your `~/.bashrc`
- Open Development Container
- Create a `.env` file in the `.devcontainer` directory containing the [necessary secrets](#necessary-secrets)

> - Install yarn with `yarn --cwd backstage install`

Reviewer: We are actually installing the package dependencies here

- Start the app, with `yarn --cwd backstage dev`

## Deploying on Kubernetes (Diamond Light Source)

- Access the cluster with `module load argus`
- Adjust configuration in `charts/developer-portal/values.yaml` as appropriate, you will need to ingress secrets by either:
  - Populating the [necessary secrets](#necessary-secrets) in their respective fields in `backend.auth`
  - Pointing to an existing secret containing the [necessary secrets](#necessary-secrets) with `backend.auth.existingSecret` (recommended)
- Deploy the portal, with:
  ```sh
  cd charts/developer-portal
  helm install <deployment-name> .
  ```

> ## necessary secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Necessary secrets
```

> - [Install docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/other/)
> - Start the podman socket with `systemctl --user start podman.socket`
> - Use the podman socket as the compose host by adding `export DOCKER_HOST=unix:///run/user/$UID/podman/podman.sock` to your `~/.bashrc`
> - You could also load docker-compose from the module system using `module load docker-compose` instead of the above 3 steps

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
- Load the `docker-compose` `module`, or:
  - [Install docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/other/), :
  - Start the podman socket with `systemctl --user start podman.socket`
  - Use the podman socket as the compose host by adding `export DOCKER_HOST=unix:///run/user/$UID/podman/podman.sock` to your `~/.bashrc`
```
